clean.pro/.py - This program will optionally apply a bias subtraction, flat fielding, background subtraction and align images to the first image in the list, provide a WCS solution exists. The user will need to update whether the images need bias subtraction or flat-fielding and the directories where the files are located. Also, if you want to sample the background finer/courser than 32x32 pixels it can be updated. Usually I use 32x32 pixels. Additionally, the user will need to update the axis variable to be the axis size of the image. It should be noted, the PYTHON routine actually splits the image into 512x512 boxes for the sky subtraction to save memory. This can be changed but beware it may slow down your computer.




mk_master.pro/.py & cmb_tmp.pro/.py- This program will make the master frame by combining all available images. The scripts are run in two steps: mk_master will make temporary master frames which combine 50 images at a time. Then cmb_tmp, will combine the temporary frames into a single master frame. The user will need to update the directories.




refphot.pro/.py - This program will do basic aperture photometry on the reference frame and should tell you the appropriate optimal aperture for the images. The user should update the directories for the images. This will output a magnitude, flux and star position file. The code assumes you have a ra/dec position list for the stars, but you can also tweak the script to provide stars via the 'find' routine.




bigdiff.pro/.py - This program is a large wrapper function for oisdifference.c. The program selects the best isolated stars for the kernel and then runs the subtraction. Additionally, it gets the photometry for the stars on the differenced frame using aperture photometry and the positions from the master frame. These are output as flux files in the differenced image directory. The user will need to update directories, aperture and kernel information. Typically, I use a 5x5 pixel kernel with no polynomial function. Usually, the slight increase in precision is not worth the large increase in runtime, but its up to you.




mkraw.pro/.py - This program will take all of the flux files and combine them into single light curve files. The user should only need to update the directories.




detrend.pro/.py - This program will detrend the light curves using the entire data set. It looks for the nearest 1000 stars of similar magntidue, generates a trend based on similar offsets with time and subtracts them from the star. It does not work for every star and may over fit some stars but I have found that usually >95% of the stars have improved rms values.
